ACD-416 (#6)
Actindo-AG/Documentation: RetailSuiteAccounting/Integration/07_ManageBWAReports.md

[!!User Interface BWA assignment](../UserInterface/02i_BWAAssignment.md)  
[!!User Interface evaluations](../UserInterface/01_Book.md#evaluations)  
[!!Create a PDF evaluation](../Operation/15_ProvideAccountingData.md#create-a-pdf-evaluation)  

# Manage the BWA reports

[comment]: <> (BWA reports or Accounting Reports? See Accounting Reports view -> ZUORDNUNG BWA tab)

The business evaluation (BWA) is a reporting system based on company financial data and provides information about the company's current cost and revenue situation and, consequently, its  profitability. BWA reports serve as a basis for managerial future decisions, and they are widely used by capital investors and credit institutions for company assessment. BWA is an essential planning and controlling tool for the company's future development.

> The *BWA assignment* tab in the *Accounting* module enables to create new BWA reports, to copy one of the predefined system reports and edit it, or to delete any of them. All available reports can be completely customized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create new BWA reports, copy and edit one of the predefined system reports or delete any report. All available reports can be fully customized.
```

>  > [Warning] Be aware that any deletion is permanent and cannot be undone, and any changes made will overwrite the preset values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Warning nur an die entsprechenden Stellen in den Procedures

> When customizing existing reports, bear in mind that the reports use the standard accounts set up in the *Accounting* module configuration process. For detailed information, see [Charts of accounts](./01_RunAccountingWizard.md#chart-of-accounts). If the accounts have been customized manually, they will have to be set up again individually for the BWA reports. Otherwise, the BWA reports will not recognized them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When customizing existing reports, bear in mind that the reports use the standard accounts set up in the *Accounting* module configuration process. For detailed information, see [Chart of accounts](./01_RunAccountingWizard.md#chart-of-accounts). If the accounts have been customized manually, they will have to be set up again individually for the BWA reports. Otherwise, the BWA reports will not recognized them.
```

## Create a BWA report

You can create a BWA report that is not yet available in the system.

#### Prerequisites

- The accounting is configured via the configuration wizard, see [Run the accounting wizard](./01_RunAccountingWizard.md).

> - A valid fiscal year is created, see [Create a fiscal year](./04_ManageFiscalYear.md#create-a-fiscal-year).

Reviewer: s.o.

#### Procedure

*Accounting > Select the fiscal year > Settings > Tab BWA ASSIGNMENT*

![Create a BWA report](../../Assets/Screenshots/RetailSuiteAccounting/Settings/BWAAssignment/CreateBWAReport.png "[Create a BWA report]")

> 1. Click the ![Add](../../Assets/Icons/Plus01.png "[Add]") (Add) button in the right bottom corner.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the ![Add](../../Assets/Icons/Plus01.png "[Add]") (Add) button in the bottom right corner.  
```

The *Create* view is displayed.

2. Enter a name in the *Report name* field.

3. Click the [SAVE] button.  

> The new BWA report has been saved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The BWA report has been created.
```

  ![BWA report created](../../Assets/Screenshots/RetailSuiteAccounting/Settings/BWAAssignment/BWAReportCreated.png "[BWA report created]")

> 4. Click the newly created report in the list.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click the new report in the list.  
```

The *Accounting report lines* section is displayed.

  ![Add report lines](../../Assets/Screenshots/RetailSuiteAccounting/Settings/BWAAssignment/AddReportLines.png "[Add report lines]")

5. Click the ![Add](../../Assets/Icons/Plus01.png "[Add]") (Add) button in the bottom right corner.  
The *Create* section is displayed.

>   ![Create report lines](../../Assets/Screenshots/RetailSuiteAccounting/Settings/BWAAssignment/CreateReportLines02.png "[Create report lines]")

Reviewer: Bild wird nicht angezeigt

> 6. Enter any relevant information in the corresponding fields. You can also add different formulas to it. For detailed information, see [BWA assignment](../UserInterface/02i_BWAAssignment.md).

Reviewer: Das ist ein bisschen zu knapp formuliert. Ich weiß nicht, welche Felder ich ausfüllen muss und was da rein soll - auch nicht nach Lesen des UI Kapitels. Hier müssen noch mehr Schritte rein, die das genauer beschreiben. Eventuell Create a BWA report aufteilen in die Procedures Define the BWA report basic data und Add report lines

7. Click the [SAVE] button.  

> The new report lines have been saved in the report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new report lines have been added to the BWA report.
```

## Edit a BWA report

> You can edit an existing BWA report to make any necessary changes, for example, change the report name and layout, and edit or delete report lines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can edit an existing BWA report to make any necessary changes, for example, change the report name and layout, and edit or delete report lines.
```
```suggestion
You can edit a BWA report to make any necessary changes, for example, change the report name and layout, and edit or delete report lines.
```

>  > [Warning] Be aware that any changes made to an existing BWA report will overwrite the existing values. If you are taking one of the predefined system reports as a basis, it is highly recommended to make a copy of it first. For detailed information, see [BWA assignment](../UserInterface/02i_BWAAssignment.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 > [Warning] Be aware that any changes made to a BWA report will overwrite the existing values. If you are taking one of the predefined system reports as a basis, it is highly recommended to make a copy of it first. For detailed information, see [BWA assignment](../UserInterface/02i_BWAAssignment.md).
```

#### Prerequisites

- The accounting is configured via the configuration wizard, see [Run the accounting wizard](./01_RunAccountingWizard.md).

> - A valid fiscal year is created, see [Create a fiscal year](./04_ManageFiscalYear.md#create-a-fiscal-year).

Reviewer: s.o.

- A BWA report is created, see [Create a BWA report](#create-a-BWA-report).

#### Procedure

*Accounting > Select the fiscal year > Settings > Tab BWA ASSIGNMENT*

> ![Edit a BWA report](../../Assets/Screenshots/RetailSuiteAccounting/Settings/BWAAssignment/EditBWAReport.png "[Edit a BWA report]")

Reviewer: Bild an dieser Stelle nicht richtig -> sollte genau das anzeigen, was im Breadcrumb path angegeben ist - da gehört keine Toolbar hin... 
Wiederverwendung!

> 1. Select the BWA report to be edited by clicking the checkbox on the left.   
> The toolbar is displayed in the right upper corner.
> 
> 2. Click the ![Edit](../../Assets/Icons/Edit01.png "[Add]") (Edit) button to edit the BWA report.  
> The *Edit* section is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the BWA report to be edited in the list of BWA reports.
The *Edit* view is displayed.
```

> 3. Click the *Report name* field and make any necessary changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. If desired, click the *Report name* field and edit the name of the BWA report.
```

> 4. Click the *Columns* button in the right upper corner.   
> The columns bar is displayed. You can add or delete columns, and change their order by clicking and moving them with the mouse.
> 
>   ![Edit BWA report layout](../../Assets/Screenshots/RetailSuiteAccounting/Settings/BWAAssignment/EditBWAReportLayout.png "[Edit BWA report layout]")
> 
> 5. Click the [APPLY] button.   
> The changes are applied.
> 
>   > [Info] The width of the individual columns in the table header can also be modified using the mouse.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Das sind Anzeigeeinstellungen und nichts, was die BWA reports betrifft.

> 6. Select any accounting report line to be edited by clicking the checkbox on the left.  
> The toolbar is displayed in the right upper corner.
> 
>   ![Edit report lines](../../Assets/Screenshots/RetailSuiteAccounting/Settings/BWAAssignment/EditReportLines.png "[Edit report lines]")
> 
> 7. Click the ![Edit](../../Assets/Icons/Edit01.png "[Add]") (Edit) button to edit the selected accounting report line.  
> The *Edit* section is displayed.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. If desired, click a report line in the list of report lines on the right side.     
The *Edit report line* view is displayed.   
```

  > [Warning] Be aware that any changes made to an existing BWA report will overwrite the existing values.

>   You can also delete an accounting report line. Click the ![Delete](../../Assets/Icons/Trash03.png "[Delete]") (Delete) button in the toolbar to delete the selected accounting report line.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. If you want to delete a report line, select the checkbox of the corresponding report line and click the ![Delete](../../Assets/Icons/Trash03.png "[Delete]") (Delete) button in the editing toolbar.     
The selected report line has been deleted.
```

   > [Warning] Be aware that the existing accounting report line will be deleted permanently.

> 8. Click the [SAVE] button.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Click the [SAVE] button in the upper right corner.   
```

> The existing BWA report has been edited.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All changes to the BWA report have been saved.
```

[comments]: <> (clear with HG: you can also edit the BWA report/the accounting report lines by clicking on the report name or line name -> same editing options as described above are displayed. Shall we describe it as an alternative or better not?)

> 

Reviewer: Add: Copy a BWA report

## Delete a BWA report

> You can delete an existing BWA report, either one of the predefined system reports or a newly created one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can delete a BWA report if it is no longer needed, either one of the predefined system reports or a manually created report.
```

#### Prerequisites

- The accounting is configured via the configuration wizard, see [Run the accounting wizard](./01_RunAccountingWizard.md).

> - A valid fiscal year is created, see [Create a fiscal year](./04_ManageFiscalYear.md#create-a-fiscal-year).

Reviewer: s.o.

- A BWA report is created, see [Create a BWA report](#create-a-BWA-report).

#### Procedure

*Accounting > Select the fiscal year > Settings > Tab BWA ASSIGNMENT*

> ![Delete a BWA report](../../Assets/Screenshots/RetailSuiteAccounting/Settings/BWAAssignment/DeleteBWAReport.png "[Delete a BWA report]")

Reviewer: s.o.

> 1. Select the BWA report to be deleted by clicking the checkbox on the left.   
> The toolbar is displayed in the right upper corner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select the checkbox of the BWA report to be deleted.    
The editing toolbar is displayed above the reports list.
```

>   > [Warning] Be aware that the existing BWA report will be deleted permanently.

Reviewer: erst nach schritt 2

> 2. Click the ![Delete](../../Assets/Icons/Trash03.png "[Delete]") (Delete) button to delete the BWA report.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click the ![Delete](../../Assets/Icons/Trash03.png "[Delete]") (Delete) button in the toolbar.
```

[!!User Interface BWA assignment](../UserInterface/02i_BWAAssignment.md)  
[!!User Interface Evaluations](../UserInterface/01_Book.md#evaluations)  
[!!Create a PDF evaluation](../Operation/15_ProvideAccountingData.md#create-a-pdf-evaluation)  

# Manage the BWA reports

[comment]: <> (BWA reports or Accounting Reports? See Accounting Reports view -> ZUORDNUNG BWA tab)

> The business evaluation (BWA) is a reporting system based on company financial data and provides information about the company's current cost and revenue situation and, consequently, its  profitability. BWA reports serve as a basis for managerial future decisions, and they are widely used by capital investors and credit institutions for company assessment. BWA is an essential planning and controlling tool for the company's future development.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The business evaluation (BWA) is a reporting system based on company financial data and provides information about the company's current cost and revenue situation and, consequently, its  profitability. BWA reports are similar to monthly P&L and serve as a basis for managerial future decisions, and they are widely used by capital investors and credit institutions for company assessment. BWA is an essential planning and controlling tool for the company's future development.
```
